Which planet's solar system is the hottest? Jupiter, Venus, Mars, Saturn, Venus;science
What is a SI measurement resistance unit? Amper; Om; Volt; Watt; Om;science
How many laws of thermodynamics exist ?; 2; 3; 4; 5; 3;science
With whom we associate psychologists with the ido and the super ego, Sigmund Freud, John Paul, Jana Piaget, Erika Erikson, Sigmund Freud;science
Which planet's solar system is the closest Earth? Mercury, Mars, Uranus, Venus, Venus;Science
What a scientist exclaimed "Eureka!"? Arhimed, Pythagoras, Tales, Empedoklo, Arhimed;science
Which part of the body is involved in nephrology? Pluva, Bubrezima, Thyroid, Heart, Plums;Science
Positron is an antibody: Neutron, Proton, Electron, Neuron, Electron;Science
The law of action and reaction is also called Newton: 1. First law; 2.Second law; 3. Third law; 4. Fourth law;science
How is it called a straight line that touches a curve at just one point? Hypothesis, symmetry, diameter, tangent, tangent;science
Which food is the most common cause of Salmonella? Chicken, Eggs, Ice Cream, Fish, Chicken;Science
Who is the author of Ashes to Ashes and Space Oddity ?, Elvis Presley, David Bowie, Michael Jackson, Billy Idol, David Bowie;art
Who is the founder of the band Led Zeppelin, Paul Mccartney, Mick Jagger, Jimmy Page, Jim Morrison, Jimmy Page;art
What is called the composer of classical music Vivaldi ?, Enio, Antonio, Hans, Mario, Antonio;art
Who is the author of the best-selling album of all time?, Eminem, AC / DC, Rihanna, Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson;art
When did the Beatles come in? 1955, 1960, 1967, 1973, 1960;art
The Sweet Home Alabama lyrics are known as the band, Pink Floyd, Rolling Stones, Lynyrd Skynyrd, ZZ Top, Lynyrd Skynyrd;art
What year was the rapper known to be known as 2Pac ?, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998, 1996;art
When was born Johann Sebastian Bach ?, 1585, 1685, 1785, 1885, 1685;art
Which instrument is known for Frederic Chopin? Violin, Trumpet, Piano, Kontrabas, Piano;Art
What is the name of the lead vocal group of Rolling Stones ?, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Roger Waters, Brian Johnson, Mick Jagger;art
What was called a publishing house founded by Beatles ?, Mango, Orange, Peach, Apple, Apple;Art
What year did the crisis known as "Great Depression" began? 1926; 1929; 1931; 1932; 1929;history
What year was America discovered ?, 1491, 1492, 1493, 1495, 1492; history
After which the US and USSR agreement on the reduction of nuclear arsenals is hidden by the acronyms? SALT; FAQ; UNIMARC; CARDS; SALT; history
Under which name is known Ford's T model, Thin Lizzy, Thin Betty, Thin Ann, Thin Jane, Thin Lizzy;history
The Kamikaze in translation means? The flame of God, the wind of God, the messenger of God, the warrior of God, the wind of God; history
Who in 1836 patented a revolver ?, Samuel Colt, Horace Smith, John Browning, Daniel Weeson, Samuel Colt;history
In what city were held the Summer Olympics 2000 ?; Canberra; Sydney; Melbourne; Brisbane; Sydney;history
The Kalmar Union is an act of unification of the countries of Scandinavian, Scandinavian, Apenine, Levant, Scandinavian;history
How is it called the Flag of Great Britain ?, Bull Run, John Bull, Old Glory, Union Jack, Union Jack;history
When were the Winter Olympics held in Sarajevo ?, 1980, 1984, 1986, 1988, 1984;history
What year did NK Hajduk founded ?, 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913, 1911.; history
What was the historical personality called World Uncle Joe by Molotov, Tito, Stalin, Churcilla, Stalin;history
On which continent are the Himalayas, Asia, Europe, Africa, Australia, Asia;Geography
Which sea does not mow the shores of Italy? Adriatic, Alboransko, Ligursko, Tirensko, Alboransko;geography
Which is the capital of Piedmont ?, Turin, Milan, Naples, Padua, Turin; geography
On what continent are the Apennines, Asia, Europe, Africa, Australia, Europe; Geography
What is the deepest lake in the world? Caspian, Como, Bajkalsko, Balaton, Bajkalsko;geography
Which is the capital of Madagascar ?, Antananarivo, Santiago, Bogota, Kinshasa, Antananarivo;geography
Abyssinia is outdated for: Saudi Arabia, Sicily, Libya, Ethiopia, Ethiopia;Geography
Which is the capital of Burkina Faso? Bujumbura, Antananarivo, Dodoma, Ouagadougou, Ouagadougou;geography
What is the official language in Suriname? Portuguese, Dutch, English, Cuban, Dutch;Geography
What was the name of the unified area of ​​the Spanish colonies, which included today's Colombian Venezuelans of Ecuador and Panama, Nova Barcelona, ​​Nova Cartagena, Nova Terra, Nova Granada, Nova Granada; geography
Which country belongs to the Autonomous Province of Greenland, Norway, Denmark, Canada, Iceland, Denmark;Geography
Which of the above geographic terms is not an independent state? Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Kurdistan, Turkmenistan, Kurdistan;geography
What Is Not a British Dependent Territory? Bermuda, Guam, Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, Guam;Geography
Which of these countries according to socio-political planning is not a kingdom? Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Finland;geography
The Latin Quarter is located: Rome, Milan, Paris, London, Paris;Geography
Which city from 1624 to 1878 called Christiania ?, Jerusalem, Warsaw, Naples, Oslo, Oslo;geography
What city was Paris served as a punishment colony? Libreville, Bamako, Cayenne, Brazzaville, Cayenne;history
